welcome back to another robot adventure
Kampai I turn to that all right we got
first encounter the first encounter and
we got dumb asommus and he's a biatch
and if you guys remember the interior of
this guy the little fuzzy car scenting
thing said biatch and that was not good
for children children should have known
that word bitch and biatch but it's in
the Transformers so it's good for our
the children that's good for the
children all right well my god the first
encounter here I got to open this
motherfucker okay this is em all
separated here and barricade comes with
his extra frenzy so he's got two fringes
he's got this little this guy doesn't
move at all this is a 2006 Hasbro made
in China donating I got I got April
O'Neil here and she's uh that's imminent
it she's wielding a a dildo strapped on
to a power drill there which she you
know she uses on herself but then she
turns it against frenzy so dildo in your
face there boom wealthy and this guy's
like holy shit let me come check that
out
let me check out that action
and then this friends he overhears like
motherfuckers what are you doing
holy shit
there are two of you hi guys hey what
the fuck's wrong with you
alright well April O'Neill and Frodo
Frodo running for the lives both
barricades are exactly the same original
and final battle first encounter but I
did find some validation for my wheels
on rotated down idea if you watch my
barricade video I think I mentioned that
but in the on the picture it's not that
way
hand punching action let's see if we can
get that pungent but yeah he's a lot
cooler in robot mode you guys check out
my barricade video this evening
transformer April O'Neil and Frodo
from the Shire alright guys this has
been another robot adventure camp I